hi I'm Carmen Lynne with expert village
so now we're going to be talking about
two very important letters T and I and
this is when the T and I are the small
versions of the lowercase version of T
and I we're looking at the T bars and
the I dot
so when we're looking at the T we're
looking at the stem of the t-nuts
this part right here and we're looking
at the length and we're also looking at
where on the bar it occurs so that would
be like a very regular T right there now
you might have someone with a very high
highly placed stem or low stem or you
might have someone with a very short
stem or a very long stem so all of these
things are what factored in and what
that represents is a person's
self-esteem and self-confidence as you
can see from this page right here there
are many different ways of doing the T
bar crossings and the T stems not only
the length and the height of the T bar
but also sometimes you've got something
like this where it's doing a funny
little crossover like that and extra
loops and loops by the way we'll get
onto that later they indicate
sensitivity generally and here there are
even more T bar crossings all different
types sometimes they might slant down or
up we might have loops within them they
might be wavy and so we're also looking
at the I dot all right earrings either
very different types of eye dots so the
eye dot represents attention to detail
or we see if you have the dot right over
the eye that means you are very
meticulous if you have the I dot flying
out ahead of the eye that would seem to
indicate that you're impatient hasty you
want to get things done and the opposite
of that would be someone with the eye
dot before the I like that that's
someone who might be a little bit
holding back on getting things done and
then the dot itself can also be formed
in different ways as
think we mentioned before it could be
made like a little circle should
indicate someone with a bit of artistic
flair or it could be a wavy line and
that indicates humor or it could be a -
which indicates impatience